it was everyone it's anthony francis
with game zone com today we're checking
out payday 2 bank heist dlc from the
dentist we're going to go ahead and jump
in this right now we just have to find
the right bank heist the dentist the big
bank let's do it depth failed to join
game okay big bank here we go in this
big bank except get it I get it Bank eps
come on okay um security I don't want to
be in charge of this game but all right
I'll be in charge oh I get it all right
cool cool okay so we all vote on how
we're going to attack it ah I get it
though the pre-planning part of this is
actually really cool you go in there and
you could vote on how you want to attack
it I didn't know that that's really cool
the last time I played payday 2 it
didn't have any of this so it's kind of
cool to have like this massive map but
also have the ability to say okay just
because this levels massive doesn't mean
we can't kind of pic how we want to
approach it and it seems like everyone
just kind of goes loud here this guy
just walking into a bank with a bunch of
flak jackets on ammo pouches and medic
bags everything is fine everything is
fine sir I take these doors I mean look
at this probably solid gold or you know
aluminum aluminum is expensive don't
mind us don't mind us that's
that's how that goes he's a high-profile
hostage don't know where to go no idea
where to go no idea where do I go what
it would do I think they drop the the
drill which is called the beast down on
down through the roof inside a giant
piggy bank dots fired what what this big
expensive bank and they're still putting
chains on the Pens come on these guys
are good as a good crew feel good about
this crew hurts it hurts
oh they're coming they're coming in this
is I have two rounds left
no I need ammo okay I got one shot gun
shell I keep picking up one shell
where's the vault oh oh oh precious ammo
Oh No
I got you I got you thanks
this is almost as bad as going to the
real bank I mean it's basically the same
headache okay that's like the kill box
we don't want to be in the kill box yeah
take out that camera we don't want them
to see our illegal activities and it's
intense this drill
nope nope nope and have you there and
allow it
drill drill drill or sawing I guess I'm
sawing at this point
well that's that
way out of position and be out there
like that
that's that was reckless
ah are we gonna wipe
uh the guy busted wasn't pretty man it's
tough though that's tough looks like
it's pretty simple and straightforward
though you just go in there and oh man
it's terrible bearable anyway I would
keep playing it it gets me what makes
you want to jump back into some payday
to rob that awesome vault I think it'd
be even better if we could do it without
alerting eight counties worth of police
officers I think that'd probably be
better but um it was good it was good I
liked it cool well thanks for watching
me play payday to the big bank dentist
DLC pack totally awesome and definitely
very payday ish and pretty forgiving
especially with all the firefights and
running low on ammo pretty good game I
like it all right I'm Anthony Francis
thanks for watching